The only way to take care of all this
neatly is to blow up the dorm.
But Director Eun has been strongly
against it because of his daughter.
If you say yes,
I will put an end to it at once.
Did you have breakfast? Eat with me.
I really appreciate it, sir!
OCCUPATION: FORTUNETELLER
HOMETOWN: NORTH PYONGAN
How on earth…
Weren't you
being held hostage in the dorm?
I was instructed
to give you this urgently.
Mother…
Her lifetime wish is to see her son,
who parted ways with her during the war,
once again before she dies.
What do you need me to do?
They're all useless.
But I've picked out just a few
based on the companies'
top-secret info my husband found out.
You'll soon meet someone
who will come across the sea.
And that person is so precious that you
might not able to meet them ever again,
so you should never miss them.
The deity told me
to make sure to tell you.
"So precious," you say?
That person will change your life
completely.
Ms. Kim!
-You're back, ma'am.
-Hi.
A person who's come across the sea…
It must mean a foreigner, right?
I guess so.
Right. What's that? A customer's come?
Yes. She's getting changed.
She's bought as many as three dresses
from your collection!
Oh, is that so?
She's a foreigner.
Oh, my.
Isn't this company a private-equity firm
based in Hong Kong?
One of the best, at that.